Resolve issues with automorphisms and Graphs and more general things (#1565)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/DeveloperDocumentation/styleguide.md

quite some of them; but in general we strive to reduce these).
Here is a summary of the naming convention followed in Oscar:

- Use `CamelCase` for types and `snake_case` for *everything* else. (Internal
  functions do not have to follow these rules.) Types (and their constructor)

>   tend to be in `CamelCase`. However, please ALSO provide the constructor/ a
>   constructor in underscore_case. As a user I do usually not know if something
>   is a constructor or a function (nor do I want to).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tend to be in `CamelCase`. However, please *also* provide the constructor (or a
  constructor) in `snake_case`. As a user one usually does not know if something
  is a constructor or a function.
```

> - Noteworthy difference to Julia base is that we do not have exceptions `is*`
>   or `has*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Noteworthy difference to Julia base is that we do not have exceptions for
  `is*` or `has*` as prefix.
```

  It is `is_foo` instead of `isfoo` and `has_bar` instead of `hasbar`.
  The main reason is to avoid awkward constructions like `isvery_ample`, while

>   also being consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  also being consistent.
  For compatibility with standard Julia, while staying consistent internally,
  we also provide aliases (using `AbstractAlgebra.@alias`) for various standard
  Julia functions, e.g. `is_one` as alias for `isone`
```

- For generic concepts choose generic names, based on general algebraic
  concepts, preferably not special names from your area of speciality.

> - Use Julia conventions where applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Julia conventions where applicable and when they don't contradict our
  own rules above.
```
